# Programming-Assignment-3
Problem 1: My solution uses a lock free list as the shared linked list for the servants to add to. I also use and arraylist for the gift bag for servants to pick out of. To simulate presents I added numbers representing gifts to the arraylist with a for loop and then shuffled the for loop to make the bag unordered. Then I create the servants and run them.
	The servants are given a threadNumber to identify them, a var storing the gift they are actively using, and they are passed the lock free list and gift bag. These servants either pick a gift from the bag and add it to the chain or remove from the chain. They repeat these actions until the gift bag is empty and the chain is empty. The way I do this count how many gifts get taken from the bag so that the servants cant pull from an empty bag. They also cant pick a repeat since the way they pick is traveling the bag with an increasing index that they can all see. When servants remove from the chain they remove the first gift in the chain. This process repeats until the bag is empty and chain is done. Sometimes there is a chance that the minotaur will ask if a gift is in the chain. I use the lock free list contains function to test this and print out the result.

Problem 2: My solution uses 8 threads for the sensors and runs them. Then the sensors generate random values within the range for valid temps. These temps get saved to the data table that is passed to all of the sensors. The minutes are simulated with a fraction of a second and the sensors only read for 60 simulated minutes then a data report is made. The data report is made by one of the sensors who holds up the other threads. The other threads wait for the report to get compiled and then continue when given the go ahead by the main thread. This process is repeated until 12 simulated hours pass. This is a decently efficient program though the downfall is the sleeping that happens waiting for threads to finish. This sleeping is here so the program doesnt crash or that threads dont get held up forever because they dont get the go ahead.
